what is going on everybody it's stephen
here and welcome back to another blow up
some shape to actually shoot some shit
on youtube video now today i want to
show you my opinion on those iphone
clowns now yeah they are not worth a
single penny and they are already broken
after two or three months and today
we're going to shoot the shit out of
those devices so let's grab a pro-rata
92fs which is very similar to the m9
from the US army and by the way one of
my favorite guns and let's redesign this
fucking iphone and give it what it
deserves
you
alright guys now we gave those fuckers
what they deserve and here you can see
the results we have some very nice holes
here and yet this play doesn't really
shatter so just around the holes looks
really good and yeah nine millimeter
make some big holes just imagine this in
your body yeah that won't be good now
not even a iphone iphone clone even
though it's a metal body or something
can stop a bullet now maybe you guys
have seen a lot of Hollywood films where
people have a Bible or a smart phone in
the pocket and then it magically stops
the bullet and doesn't even penetrate
them now yeah that's total bullshit that
will never happen and I did shoot the
phone from about 10 meters and
everything within this range gets
penetrated so almost everything and here
you can see the outlet holes on the
smartphone's that's really falling apart
looks really great and the outlet holes
are always bigger than the inlet holes
now yeah we also shot the battery really
funny that it doesn't smoke I expected
that it will maybe smoke start to burn
and yeah as I've said we have used
9-millimeter you can see here the holes
in the battery I have expected a little
maybe start to smoke but yeah nothing
happened and yeah it smells really
terrible I think this is definitely not
healthy then yeah also here this
aluminum case totally fucked up and here
the other iphone clone and this looks
pretty good one shot in the battery and
yeah the main board here at the top is
totally broken and i will see if i can
recover the memory card because we have
started the front facing camera and i
want to see what happened but yeah i
guess it may be has recorded to the
internal memory and then yeah it's gone
but here you can see some party from the
screen digitizer and this is how it
looks from the inside now that was
probably the best thing we could have
done with those iphone clones because
they are just a piece of shit seriously
guys now one of them I've charged it and
then it just bricked during charging I
had to recover it five times the other
one it just was in my pocket and then
the screen cracked seriously this is
such a piece of crap and my advice just
save up some money until you have enough
for a decent brand phone from china just
like the ones we sell in our online shop
they are tested good quality so yeah
just save your money because it's not
worth it now there will be a gun review
on the weekend and if you want to see
more shooting videos and just leave us
like so thanks for watching have a nice
day and